Wallet Developer's guide (#307)
ethereum-optimism/community-hub: src/docs/guides/wallet-dev.md

For now, we recommend wallets consider transactions final after they are Sequencer confirmed as there are no reorgs on the chain and there is currently not standard tooling for tracking when transactions are confirmed on chain. We have a JS SDK coming soon that will contain standard tooling to track these three states of each transaction 

## Differences from Ethereum

We aim to be [EVM equivalent](https://medium.com/ethereum-optimism/introducing-evm-equivalence-5c2021deb306), meaning we aim to minimize the differences between Optimism and Ethereum. You can see a summary of the few differences between Optimism and Ethereum [here](../developers/build/differences.md). These are the differences that are most relevant to wallet developers:

### Transaction fees

**Most of the transaction fee of an Optimism transaction is not the gas consumed by the transaction itself (which is priced at 0.001 gwei when the chain is not congested), but the transaction fee writing the transaction in Ethereum. That fee is deducted automatically from the user's ETH balance on Optimism.**

> [You can read more about this subject here](../developers/build/transaction-fees.md). The relevant code sample is [here](../developers/build/transaction-fees.md#displaying-fees-to-users). Typically, 95% of the work to integrate Optimism to a wallet is to make sure that users get the correct transaction fee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[You can read more about this subject here](../developers/build/transaction-fees.md). The relevant code sample is [here](../developers/build/transaction-fees.md#displaying-fees-to-users). Typically, 95% of the work to integrate Optimism to a wallet is to make sure that users are displayed the correct transaction fee.
```
